SUSEConnect(8) - SUSE Customer Center registration tool
=======================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`SUSEConnect [<optional>...] -p PRODUCT

## DESCRIPTION

Register SUSE Linux Enterprise installations with the SUSE Customer Center.
Registration allows access to software repositories including updates
and allows online management of subscriptions and organizations.

By default, SUSEConnect registers the base SUSE Linux Enterprise product
installed on a system by querying zypper.  It can also be used to register
extensions that have been installed after system installation from physical media.

To register extensions, use the `--product <PRODUCT-IDENTIFIER>` option together 
with the product identifier of the extension, obtained with `zypper products`
  
Manage subscriptions at [SUSE Customer Center][scc]

## OPTIONS

  * `-p`, `--product <PRODUCT>`:
    Activate PRODUCT. Defaults to the base SUSE Linux Enterprise product
    on this system. Product identifiers can be obtained with 'zypper products'.
    Format: <name>-<version>-<architecture>

  * `-r`, `--regcode <REGCODE>`:
    Subscription registration code for the product to be registered.
    Relates that product to the specified subscription and enables software
    repositories for that product.

  * `-s`, `--status`:
      Print current registration status of all products installed

  * `--url <URL>`:
    URL of registration server (e.g. https://scc.suse.com).

  * `--version`:
    Print program version

  * `--debug`:
    Provide debug output

  * `-l <LANG>`, `--language <LANG>`:
    translate error messages into one of LANG which is a comma-separated list
    of ISO 639-1 codes

  * `-h`, `--help`:
    show help message

## EXIT CODES
  SUSEConnect sets the following exit codes:

  * 0:  Registration successful
  * 64: Connection refused
  * 65: Access error, eg files not readable
  * 66: Parser error: Server JSON response was not parseable
  * 67: Server responded with error: see log output
 
## COMPARED TO SUSE_REGISTER
### BEFORE
  `suse_register -a email=<email> -a regcode-sles=<regcode> -L <logfile>`
### AFTER
  `SUSEConnect --url <registration-server-url> -r <regcode> >> <logfile>`

  TBD

## USE WITH SMT
  SUSEConnect can also be used to register systems with a local SUSE Subscription Management Tool, instead of the SUSE Customer Center.  Use `SUSEConnect --url <smt-server-url>` to register systems with SMT and set [proxies][ENVIRONMENT] as required.

  TBD

## IMPLEMENTATION
  SUSEConnect is implemented in Ruby 2.0.  It communicates with the registration server using a RESTful JSON API over HTTP using TLS encryption.

## ENVIRONMENT
  SUSEConnect respects the HTTP_PROXY and HTTPS_PROXY environment variables.

## FILES
  * `/etc/SUSEConnect`:
    Configuration file containing server URL, regcode and language for registration 
    TBD

## AUTHOR
  SUSE Linux Products GmbH <scc-feedback@suse.de>

## LINKS
[SUSE Customer Center][scc]

[SUSEConnect on GitHub][scc-github]

## SEE ALSO

SUSEConnect(5)
